[light music]
[foreboding music]
[theme music]
[gunshot]
[theme music continues]
[sirens wailing]
[dramatic music]
[dramatic music intensifies]
[camera clicking]
KCSI FORENSIC INVESTIGATION
[Joon-woo] Brother, tell them.
Remember the arson at the Babel warehouse?
-Yes.
-Vincenzo and Cha-young didn't work alone,
but we haven't found
any of the others… until now.
I…
I had our people
go through call histories,
text and social media accounts
of every single person
who has had a suit against us.
And then…
-[slams]
-[yelps]
Oh.
SEO JU-YEON
LEE DONG-JAE
This is just so you.
Overcomplicated.
[laughs]
-[man 1] Great work, everyone.
-[man 2] I hope nobody is hurt.
[woman 1] It felt so liberating
to see that thing burning down.
[woman 2] I'm sure my son
is looking down with joy.
The victims' families did it?
[scoffs]
Brother.
It's time. They have to pay
for what they've done.
Why don't we invite Director Gil then too?
[chuckles]
Sure.
[suspenseful music]
[laughs]
[dramatic music]
[camera clicking]
-[gunshot]
-[blood splatters]
-[gunfire]
-[ignites]
[somber music]
[somber music continues]
Ms. Hong,
she texted you her suicide note
and you're telling me it's a murder?
It's possible that those messages
were sent by somebody else. Also…
They sent us this picture yesterday
just before they left on their trip.
They look so happy.
Why would they send it?
Sure, in the photo they look happy,
but they were depressed.
You can't predict their moods
from day to day. You never know.
You honestly believe
that four people were overcome
by grief all at once?
[detective] They were unstable.
The trial made their pain
a public spectacle.
Plus, the emotional trauma, I mean…
seems pretty obvious to me.
I don't want your opinion.
I want you to do your job.
Get someone for the autopsies.
There's no evidence of homicide.
And there wasn't a single red flag
anywhere in the report from forensics.
I need to know their exact cause of death.
Request the warrant for it right away!
What's wrong with you?
This is an obstruction of justice.
If you don't like it, file a suit,
handle it yourself.
[Vincenzo] Detective.
So we can handle this ourselves?
Sure, of course.
Let's go.
[Cha-young sighs]
[sobbing softly]
MORTUARY
[sniffles]
[crying softly]
No more crying. I'm done.
Forget your guilt for now.
Let's think about our next step.
Right. On to the next step.
But I'll never stop feeling guilty.
[Vincenzo] Think about it.
Babel's warehouse was burned
to the ground. That's what they wanted.
The fire gave them a bit of closure.
There's no way we're getting a warrant.
They're going to bury the case for good.
It doesn't matter.
Because I'm in charge now.
My whole life has been kill or be killed.
In our world, villains fight villains.
We don't harm innocents.
And these four were innocent.
This wasn't their world.
Someone took their lives.
And someone will pay.
This isn't about justice.
This is about the only truth
I've ever known.
What I do know is that
what we need most right now
is someone who isn't a lawyer.
[dramatic music]
[sighs]
Harden your heart.
Revenge is easier that way.
[dramatic music continues]
-Sir.
-[grunts]
Hey.
Did you take care of the forensic report?
Yes, sir, I removed everything.
Then call Wusang. Tell him it's handled.
Plan the drop off.
Sure thing.
[grunting]
BEST LAUNDROMAT
[Mr. Tak] I can't believe it.
What kind of a piece of shit
would do something like this?
[sighs]
-I'm sorry about that.
-It's all right.
I couldn't have said it better myself.
Are you sure they were killed?
Yeah. There's no hard evidence yet,
but we're very sure.
So they murdered seven people
in one night?
[sighs]
Horrifying.
It's like they're on a killing spree.
[Toto] And so what?
Do the police just close the case,
and that's all there is to it.
-[bangs the table]
-That's the law.
They won't do anything
without warrants from the prosecution.
I can't believe what I'm hearing.
We have to make them pay for this.
It's wrong.
We have to be careful now.
It could happen to us too.
To us?
Babel hates us
because we're the one stopping them
from building their tower.
-[Mr. Tak] You're right.
-[gasps]
We must be at the top
of their hitlist right now.
Every one of us.
[gasps]
I don't wanna scare anyone,
but I have to say that Mr. Tak
has a good point.
[groans]
But what if we get taken hostage…
or something even worse?
What if they follow us
or break into our homes
-to kill--
-You're scaring me!
Help us, Oh Buddha.
Shouldn't we think of a strategy, or…
Let's just forget the gold--
[gasps]
Sorry, what gold?
Yup.
The golden rule that we always go
where our help is needed,
and right now, that's Mr. Cassano.
After all, there's only one person
who can keep us safe,
and that is Mr. Cassano.
The bodies of the victims' families
are being kept frozen.
Cha-young is pushing hard
for autopsies to be done.
Cha-young's plan is pathetic.
Myung-hee, don't you think that…
Chairman Jang's plan is completely insane?
What? You think
he's gonna kill us as well?
Mm-hm.
I've been having panic attacks.
Prosecutor Seo is dead.
You saw what they did to him.
We need a plan. Some kind of contingency.
It's just that I really don't want to die.
Wow. Are you serious?
[laughs sarcastically]
It's too late for that.
What? Stop that. I…
Just the fact that we know
who the chairman is,
that means that our little necks
are both already on the chopping block.
And don't you forget.
Yeah. Okay.
[groans]
Oh, boy. Here comes the panic attack.
[groaning]
I'm gonna need a prescription
or something.
-Just breathe. Breathe.
-Why is this so tight?
[breathes heavily]
We've bought ourselves some time.
Let's go and find the real boss.
Find him and make him pay.
I won't make him pay.
-Then what?
-When we find him…
I'm gonna kill him.
Oh, wow.
Don't try to stop me.
Please, I don't wanna stop you.
[suspenseful music]
Well, good.
But I…
I'll need to break that promise
that we wouldn't get anyone killed.
I understand.
Promises need to be broken
every now and then.
GEUMGA PLAZA
A Wusang attorney named Mr. Seo
will meet the detectives.
So he's delivering their payoff.
He's completely incompetent,
but they keep him
because of his impressions.
We'll make sure we tail Seo
and the detectives then.
[sighs]
Do me a favor.
When you catch them,
let me get the last hit in.
Sure thing.
[groans]
I could use a cider right now.
Should I go get some?
I'll get some.
[groans]
That's not what I meant.
[suspenseful music]
[chuckling]
[door chimes ringing]
[thrilling epic music]
[panting]
-Let's split it and go.
-Yes, sir.
[both chuckle]
-[detective 1] Hurry up.
-[detective 2] Here's your cut.
What?
[clicks]
[groans]
One of you is blinking.
One more?
What are you doing here?
Oh.
You see, I just followed my nose.
There's a smell. Can't you smell it?
[sniffs]
Mm. Dirty money.
-There it is.
-Why don't you stay out of this, okay?
What the hell?
[detective grunts]
Hey!
Goddamn it!
[Vincenzo] Wow.
Wusang's been treating you well.
They pay you right away
as soon as the job's done.
-Hurry. Pick it all up.
-[grunts]
[tense music]
[gasps]
[mumbles]
[both grunting]
I wouldn't do that if I were you, huh.
You asshole!
[groans]
[grunting]
Shit.
[groaning, moaning]
-[thumps]
-[groans]
[detective groaning]
[gasps]
[panicked cry]
-What's happening?
-What?
[detective 1] Oh, shit.
We got to get out of here.
[grunts]
-What do we do, sir?
-I don't know.
[lighter clinking]
[detectives whimpering]
[detective 1] You can't do this to us.
We're police officers.
You told me to handle it.
[detectives whimper]
-[detective 2] Hey, wait. Wait. Stop.
-[panicked cries]
[Vincenzo sighs]
You're going off the edge in three pushes.
Oh, actually, if I push a little hard,
it may just be two.
Hold on.
Whoa.
-[clatters]
-[detective 1 gasps]
Quite a drop.
Why are you doing this to us?
[lighter clicks]
I need the case reports for their murders.
Their whereabouts, video footage,
autopsy, and forensic reports. Everything.
It was ruled a suicide,
so all we have are routine reports.
Then, you better flesh them out.
We can't just investigate.
Not without running it by the captain.
-[thumps]
-[detective 2] No, no stop. Don't do this.
[detective 1] Wait, wait, wait. Please.
-[screaming]
-Okay, we'll investigate.
-[detective 2] Yeah, we will.
-[detective 1] Okay.
-You'll give me the file.
-[detective 1] What?
And if you value your life, you'll resign.
We can't resign. We have bills to pay.
You're on your last push.
-[screams]
-[detective 1] No, stop! Stop!
Oh.
It's not my turn.
[gasps]
[suspenseful music]
It's her.
-[grunts]
-Whoa!
Your shoes are ridiculous,
but they'll definitely make impact.
I got limited edition shoes just for this.
-Trade places?
-Let's go!
[detective 1] Oh, no.
-No. Wait, don't do it.
-[detective 2] No. Stop.
-[detective 1] Please, don't do this.
-[detective 2] Don't. No!
-[screams]
-[detective 1] Okay. Okay.
Okay, we'll do it. We will. I'm sorry.
Good. Get us the case file
by seven tomorrow morning.
-[detective 1] Yeah.
-And if you try anything…
I'll be making sure that your higher-ups
know all about you.
I imagine they'll find many more
of your dirty little secrets.
And… our money?
I've put your donation to good use.
Such generosity.
Donation?
Donation.
[both mutter indistinctly]
[rock music crescendos]
[sighs]
What's this all about?
I wanted to… Well, I wanted to share
some of my thoughts with you…
about how far you've come.
I'm just so impressed.
Look at all the progress that you've made.
[chuckles]
[snickers]
Hey, come on. Don't flatter me like that.
I'm not nearly as good as my… brother.
And yet, everyone in the world thinks
that you're the real chairman of Babel.
You are the face of the company.
Nobody knows your brother.
[tense music]
What are you saying?
This is what I'm saying.
Babel Group could be yours
if you wanted it. Believe me.
Where is this coming from?
You want me to betray my brother?
Do you even know how dangerous it is
to say things like that?
Huh?
And, anyway, I'm…
I'm not like my brother.
I'm not cut out to be a chairman, okay?
That's absurd.
Well, I'm… I'm Wusang's CEO!
I have hundreds of wealthy
business clients, you know.
You think I, someone like me,
wouldn't be able to tell
who would make a good chairman?
You could've just said that before.
Why are you freaking out?
Because I'm really frustrated right now.
[sobs]
At this moment in time, Babel…
Babel needs… Babel needs a strong leader.
[sobbing softly]
Someone smart. Someone ambitious.
A leader who doesn't go murdering…
I think I stepped a bit over the line.
I'm so sorry for that.
But I'm not sorry for what I said.
This is how I really feel.
Please. Oh…
[sobbing]
Oh, look at me. This is ridiculous.
[sniffles]
I got carried away, sir.
I'm sorry.
It's okay. Look, just please stop
making things up.
[sobbing]
-Have a drink or something. Here.
-Please, sir.
You will always be chairman to me.
Come on, man. What… what do you mean?
[crying]
You're still crying.
Stop that.
-Shh!
-[sobbing]
Shh!
[knocks on window]
[sighs]
I'm going to kill him.
Is he really going to do it?
You look exhausted.
Babel's real boss. I'm trying to find him.
Look, I'm sorry to put it this way,
but the gold,
that's more important right now.
-You're right.
-We have to clear out Nanyak Temple.
Once they're gone,
we can dig out the gold right away.
Why are you having so much trouble
moving them out?
They wanna fight. They wanna fight Babel.
They won't listen to me.
[sighs]
They're damn stubborn, that's for sure.
[exhales]
But…
-right now--
-Listen.
I'll take care of this.
You be patient.
[car alarm beeps]
[tense music]
[sighs]
[Mr. Cho]
I'd like to report a corrupt temple.
NANYAK TEMPLE IN GEUMGA-DONG
[phone buzzing]
[Vincenzo] Hello?
[Luca in Italian] Consigliere.
Luca.
[chuckles]
[Luca] How have you been?
Good, good. What about you?
I'm good too.
I called to tell you something urgently.
What is it?
[Luca] Apparently, someone's been
asking around about you.
Who?
I don't know who he is, but he's Korean.
Be careful, Mr. Consigliere.
You be careful too.
Hmm.
[scoffs]
Oh, what's up?
[exhales]
I thought you were going home.
So I did, but the windows aren't ready.
Hmm… I don't know why they're so slow.
I see.
But how did you get in?
[keys jingle]
You gave me your spare key last time.
You said to come here
if anything went wrong.
Oh, I remember.
Anyway, you can have my room.
-I don't think so.
-Why?
[pigeons cooing]
Oh, no. No!
I, uh… left the windows open
to air the place out.
That's when they came in.
Inzaghi, I'm gonna make sure
you never break in again.
I brought makgeolli.
Do you want some?
Yeah.
-Cheers.
-[chuckles]
[slurping]
[both exhale]
[chuckles]
Mr. Hong also loved this stuff, didn't he?
He was its biggest fan.
[both chuckle]
You know I…
hadn't been able to sleep well for months.
But after having makgeolli with your dad,
I was finally able to have
a good night's rest.
Had a massive hangover, though.
[chuckles]
But I bet it was still worth it.
Yeah.
[laughs]
Your dad…
he wanted me to tell you something
if he wasn't able to.
He said the world's changed.
He couldn't take down corrupt companies
on his own anymore.
He told me it would have to be someone
fearless and with the strength to fight.
[wistful music]
And he said that that was you.
You were born to do this.
[chuckles]
He could've just said that to me.
[laughs]
[slurps]
[wistful music continues]
[sighs]
But, hey, nobody had to tell you,
and you are everything he said you were.
[Cha-young chuckles]
What? Come on. Stop it.
My father was righteous.
And I'm just angry.
I don't need righteous. I need somebody…
who gets the job done.
Hey, once we've taken care of Babo,
are you leaving for good?
Our meeting was a surprise.
Our goodbye will be too.
Right?
Surprises.
-Surprises.
-[both chuckle]
[slurping]
-[exhales]
-[sighs, chuckles]
Your father told me about this.
[giggles]
[laughs]
Here.
[light music]
[groans]
[breathing quietly]
[light music continues]
All right.
Let's move ahead
with the Geumga Plaza tear down.
Well, you know, sir, the timing, um,
it's not ideal at this time.
We're still under a lot of scrutiny
and the media is breathing down
our necks right now.
And there are many demands
coming from the city at the moment.
I know. Get it done.
Get the prosecution involved.
We have the law on our side.
Of course, sir.
Also…
we'll use a reliable enforcer team.
Handpicked by my father.
Do you mean the ones behind
the Yonghu-dong redevelopment?
[snaps finger]
Bingo.
Twelve people died, so I wonder
how many will die this time.
Uh…
Can't wait to find out.
[Mr. Park] No one smuggles
by boat anymore. That's so passé.
The hot new trend in the
smuggling industry is hot air balloons.
Oh…
Now, let's take a trip.
Once a week, we have passages to China,
as well as Japan.
We use the deserted islands.
What does this mean?
It means it's off the grid.
[Mr. Park] You take a nice long nap
curled up in that balloon basket,
and where do you wake up?
Bam! Right at the Great Wall.
Are you sure it's safe?
[sighs]
No need to be nervous, huh? It depends.
See? If the wind's a little strong…
[purrs]
You might end up in Guam.
And if that happens, give up.
Guam's your new home.
[laughs]
That, like, never happens.
There might be fighter jets,
but just don't let them see you.
So, how much does it cost?
The price will be split
between all the balloon riders.
Look, we're honest people.
Don't worry about it. It's fine. Okay?
[door opens]
What is this?
[clatters]
Hello, Vincenzo.
How long have you been here?
Well, I was gonna pass around
the rice cakes for our opening party
but, uh, well, the shop
on the second floor was closed.
-What is this place?
-A travel agency.
So, you need a flight?
[Vincenzo] Don't cause any trouble.
I'll be watching, hmm?
Here.
Check out that shirt. Cute.
[sighs]
[Su-nam] What a jerk.
[door closes]
Who was he?
I didn't know such a hottie worked here.
[Vincenzo] Here it is.
[sighs]
I can't believe those guys.
Proof that they did investigate after all.
-Let's see what they found.
-[Mr. Nam] Yes.
That car's still following them.
I know. Hey, but check this out.
They go into the tunnel…
and here's the next clip we have.
That's the last footage we have of them.
-How long is the tunnel?
-Three hundred meters or so.
Hmm. There's a delay.
Yeah. And if we check the clock, it takes
them a whole minute to get through.
This is the Yangdong Underpass.
It's small. Only takes
about five seconds to get through,
even if you're driving slow.
And the black car came out first
when they left.
Mr. Nam, could you rewind a bit?
-Rewind?
-A little more. Yeah.
-[Mr. Nam] Okay.
-[Vincenzo] That's it.
The van didn't have a dent
when it went into the tunnel.
Yeah, you're right.
[Cha-young] Right there.
What if they purposely ran into them
to kidnap them?
[Mr. Nam] How could they have done it?
Check the forensic report.
Ah! I have it around here somewhere.
-Here.
-Thank you.
Two of the four had small red dots
on their necks.
Did they--
Guess so. Looks like a taser.
[tense music]
[Vincenzo] There must've been
more than two attackers.
[people screaming]
-[groaning]
-[crackling]
[taser crackles]
[woman cries]
So they knocked them out
and burned the charcoal in the van.
Those bastards!
[Mr. Nam] They killed them.
This is murder.
And the prosecution won't take it
even with this proof?
Proof means nothing to them now.
They just make up any charges
despite the hard evidence.
[Cha-young] They're not gonna help us.
[sighs]
[scoffs]
[sniffing]
[Mr. Nam] Do you smell that?
[Vincenzo] What's that smell?
[gasps]
What… what are you doing?
Hang on. One second, please.
Okay.
Excuse me.
[Mr. Nam] What's all this?
Chef Toto wanted to treat you
to some pasta
for all your hard work.
Oh, thank you.
We'll eat after our meeting.
-You can leave it over there.
-Sure.
Don't bring me one next time.
Yeah.
I can see the license plate number
of the car, but…
I bet it's registered to a fake name.
But maybe, even so,
then we can track it down.
When someone registers a car that way,
it means they don't wanna be found,
so tracking them is almost impossible.
[mysterious music]
[laughs]
I really love watching crime dramas
like Quiz of God.
Without access
to the entire police network,
there is no way we can trace it.
But at least now we know for sure
that they were murdered.
We have evidence.
How do we find these hitmen?
[sighs]
What are you doing?
Uh, just wushu. I'm practicing.
So…
continue.
[grunting]
[clears throat]
-Let's take another look at the footage.
-Okay.
-Shall we?
-Mm-hm.
[clears throat]
The demolition is ready?
Yeah, and I'm working to reverse
the ruling in the Babel Chemicals' case.
The prosecution is assisting.
It should be simple.
I like that about you.
You see rulings and promises
as things to be broken.
Well, you know what?
Promises mean nothing, sir.
[chuckles]
Now, why did you choose to work with me?
You're competent, smart.
You could make a pretty good living
running your own law firm.
That's like walking.
It's as easy as walking.
I like to live life right on the edge,
like I'm climbing a mountain.
The kind of work where,
if you miss your handhold, lose focus,
you fall to your death.
Your mountain climbing will be rewarded.
I'll make sure of it.
Thank you, sir.
So then, may I ask you a question?
Go ahead.
Why do you hide away in the shadows, sir?
Why not go public?
One.
It's like a game, and I love to play it.
Two.
Come on, I don't wanna go to jail.
Three.
I feel like a god.
Like a god?
A god can change people's lives
causing both pleasure and pain,
all the while invisible.
How? He provides a moment of happiness.
Tricks them into thinking
that life has purpose.
That's why this is so fun.
I see. You know…
I like your third reason the most.
I wouldn't mind being a god.
[ominous music]
Cheers.
[Vincenzo] And after this…
[Cha-young] Here you go.
[Mr. Nam sighs]
Coffee.
-Thank you.
-Thanks so much.
[moans]
Delicious.
-Good shot of energy.
-[chuckles]
We've got the car,
but we're stuck on the fake registration.
So, how do we find the killers?
[Mr. Nam] And also, do you think
we can even get to Babel through them?
Don't big bosses usually work through,
you know, all kinds of different people?
My guess is, that the explosion,
the murders of Prosecutor Seo,
Director Gil Jong-moon, and the four
in the van were all carried out
-by the same person.
-[Cha-young] I agree.
All the same.
Covered up perfectly as accidents.
A consistent pattern.
These kinds of orders never go through
too many people.
Just one, usually.
I'm sure Babo is very close
with the killers.
Close to them, but hard to find.
If we can't find them, we'll draw him out.
That doesn't sound like…
You… you mean invite him to come kill us?
They wouldn't be coming
to make friends with us, yeah.
[clears throat]
Well, I think it's a great idea,
but it makes me very anxious.
Forget being scared.
We're going to have to do it.
Mock them in public, apply some threats.
That should do the trick.
Get them after us.
Hmm.
I can make anyone angry.
I'm the master when it comes
to pissing people off.
[Mr. Nam] No, wait!
I bought bad ones. They're all like that.
[groans in disgust]
[Mr. Lee] Mr. Cassano.
There's something you need to know.
Gi-seok, he told us…
he told us that Jipuragi
was planning to fight back.
Avenge those four poor souls.
[sighs]
-[sighs]
-[Mr. Lee] We all want to help you.
If we need to fight, we'll fight.
Or we'll run errands.
-Mm-hm.
-You know… we do everything.
Use our power, okay?
[Mr. Tak] We're stronger together.
[grunts]
If everyone fights Babel, everyone wins.
[Hui-su] No one else is on our side.
Not the police. No one.
So what we need to do
is push ahead together. Hmm?
-[Mr. Lee] Right.
-[Yeon-jin] Mm.
Yeah. I have loads of skills.
I even played a zombie.
I can play anything.
[breathy laugh]
Mr. Cassano.
You know, I'm pretty good with computers
and tech, not just the piano.
-Yeah.
-She is. Yeah.
Please let me know if you need me.
We don't just sit around
praying all day long.
We are Buddhist monks,
and our true spirit is one of action.
[sighs]
-And I have a really loud voice.
-You do.
-And I can swear really well.
-[Mr. Lee] She can.
-And I'm strong.
-Yes, you are.
You are. Right.
All I know is that we have
to do something.
-This is our home and our gold.
-[gasps]
I, uh, meant that Geumga Plaza
is more precious to us than any gold.
Mr. Cassano! Please guide us.
You must lead us to victory.
[Mr. Lee] Yes!
Let's all slow down.
If you all did like I suggested,
we could get you somewhere--
-No, that's… No.
-No.
-I mean, of course.
-We can't leave. We're not going anywhere.
[Cha-young] Attention!
You have to admit it's obvious
how much they wanna help.
And we need to handle this right now,
so why don't we work with them?
-[Mr. Tak] What is it?
-[Hui-su] Right, that's a great idea.
[Mr. Lee] What needs to be handled?
[overlapping chatter]
First…
we need to make them
a public laughingstock.
-[Mi-ri] I know.
-[Yeon-jin] Make fun of them.
-[Hui-su] I'm good with that.
-[Mi-ri] Me too.
-Me too.
-[Yeon-jin] That's what I do.
[overlapping chatter]
-Are you sure?
-[Cha-young] Oh, yeah.
[upbeat music]
[indistinct chattering]
KKABALRIEO TV
[Mr. Park] What are they doing?
I don't know what it is,
but it sure looks like fun.
Wait.
[sighs]
Is this… Do I have to…
It's the best way to humiliate them.
You can do it.
I know you can, Vincenzo Cassano.
I don't wanna do it.
[beeps]
[news intro music]
[Cha-young] Hello, and welcome.
We are here to dig up the dirt
on the powerful and corrupt.
My name is Opener.
Whistleblower number one.
[cheers and applause]
[cheering]
[woman] Yeah!
[tapping]
KKABALRIEO TV
[Vincenzo] Hello there, I'm Inzaghi,
whistleblower number two.
INZAGHI
PIGEON
[audience applause]
-[man] Yeah!
-[cheering]
[whooping]
[Cha-young] There are many unfair things
in the world these days.
You can't make sense of them.
And it's all the law's fault.
[booing]
[Vincenzo]
You know, you shouldn't blame the law.
Instead…
-[gunshot sound]
-…you should blame the bastards
who manipulate it.
-[man] Yeah.
-[woman] Yeah!
[Cha-young] We are blowing the whistle
on two organizations today,
the Babel Group and Wusang Law.
[applause and cheers]
[Vincenzo] Babel and Wusang
are responsible for many deaths,
but they still have not been brought
to justice.
[Cha-young] Why, you ask?
Well, it's because
the Seoul Namdongbu Prosecution Service
is in their pockets.
[Vincenzo]
Starting today, we will expose the truth
behind the cases
that these two organizations
have worked so hard to cover up.
[Cha-young]
We begin at the scene of the crime,
Babel Pharmaceuticals and Babel Chemicals.
And who's yapping at their heels?
Babel's trusty lapdog…
Wusang Law.
[Cha-young in high-pitched voice]
There's a lawyer at Wusang
who used to be a prosecutor.
A real piece of work.
And she cares more about
intimidation tactics than justice.
Now, we all know lawyers are busy,
but it seems to me that most of her day
is taken up by counting
-all her criminal contacts.
-[chuckles]
So how does someone so busy
unwind after a tough day?
What do you think?
Oh, you better believe, she dances.
[woman cheering in high-pitched voice]
Awesome! Awesome! Awesome!
[laughter]
-Really?
-Yeah, that's her.
-Oh, would you… shut up.
-Quiet.
[cheering on TV continues]
And Wusang Law CEO, he's busy too.
Busy sucking up.
-Me?
-[man mimics Mr. Han] Oh, hi there.
Nice to meet you.
Quick question. Has anyone seen my spine?
What? No way. Am I like that?
[booing]
I really wanna know who's under that mask.
[Vincenzo in distorted voice]
Chairman Jang Han-seo
can't distinguish between quotes from
Joseph Schumpeter and George Soros.
How do I put this?
He's a dimwit.
Looking for an echo chamber?
Go inside his head. It's totally empty.
[laughing]
[grunts]
Babel believes
that money solves everything.
Good thing the Chairman's rich
because he doesn't have anything else.
Plans, negotiations, business sense?
-[explosion]
-Nonexistent.
[Cha-young in high-pitched voice]
The poor boy has nothing at all
in his pretty little head.
Hey! Hey! I'm smarter than him!
-[mimics dog barking on TV]
-[audience laughing]
[guffaws]
-[TV shuts off]
-Okay.
[groans]
Damn it.
-Son on a…
-[scoffs]
What morons.
-Way off base.
-Relax.
Don't let this get to you.
Can't you see that's what they want?
So, what do you mean?
[Joon-woo] Vincenzo.
When he met you at the gym,
he figured out you're not the boss.
Then it means that…
Then he's targeting and insulting us
on purpose to lure you out.
Don't worry about it.
As long as there are no traitors here…
he'll never track me down.
Never.
Hey! I have never danced like that.
How dare you!
-You stop saying I did!
-[Cha-young] What do you mean?
-That wasn't us.
-[Ms. Choi] Oh, shut up!
Anybody could see that it was you guys!
And Vincenzo was the ugly pigeon.
[mimics pigeon cooing]
[laughs quietly]
[Ms. Choi] You see?
Huh? See what? What are you saying?
I feel very attacked.
I'm hanging up on three.
-One, two…
-[phone chimes]
Why did you hang up early? You brat!
-[knocks on door]
-What?
Excuse me, Ms. Choi.
I asked A-ing Tube to remove the video,
and they said
it's going to take some time.
The good news is, every single article
and viral post has been taken down.
[groans]
I hate this.
[clears throat]
Make sure you stay on top of the coverage.
-Yes.
-And under no circumstances respond to it.
-Stay cool.
-I'll stay cool.
-Go on.
-Okay.
I'll roast you alive
you little pigeon man!
[exhales]
Well, then…
[clears throat]
This sucks. Am I right?
Over two hours of streaming,
we expose tons of dirt on Babel,
and no one's reporting anything.
And that's how the truth
turns into fake news, you know.
Instead of our work, the media's
propaganda becomes the real story.
Yes, but our goal isn't to change
the media's minds.
We need to find Babo or the killers.
I still think that this is going to work.
Villains don't mind being hated,
but they can't stand ridicule.
I think it's time
we start making those threats.
[suspenseful music]
-Hello.
-Thank you so much for all your work.
-You think he'll be okay?
-[door closes]
[indistinct chatter]
-Let's go.
-Down there.
[sighs]
[Mr. Han yelps]
HAN SEUNG-HYUK
Hey! Hey, hey, hey!
[groans]
[whimpers]
[chokes]
[panicked breathing]
[ominous music]
[whirring]
What? What's happening?
Who's that? What is it this time?
You bastard!
[Ms. Choi gasps]
Huh?
[screaming]
[raspy laugh]
[screaming continues]
[snarling]
[Ms. Choi screaming]
[screeching moans]
-[bangs door]
-[screaming]
[body thuds]
[suspenseful music]
[gasping]
[breathing heavily]
What? "C"?
You bastards!
[whimpers]
[whirring]
Whoa. Oh.
-[beeping]
-What is it?
A bomb, sir.
I see. A bomb.
Why is it… Why is it here?
Get rid of it.
Get the bomb out of here, now!
-[all screaming]
-Get it away from me. Get back here!
Oh, stop it. Stop. Wait!
[Mr. Jang] You're supposed to protect me.
Where is everyone? Hey!
Help me!
Stop it. Get it away!
[panting]
Stop following me!
[Toto] He's coming this way!
No, stop! Somebody, help! Stop please!
I don't wanna die!
No! Oh, no! Help!
[Mr. Jang screaming]
[groans]
Oh, no. Stop!
[screams]
[beeping]
[beeps]
[pops]
[whimpering]
Oh, shit!
[muffled cheering]
[phone buzzes]
[tense music]
[line ringing]
Where are you?
[man over phone]
Just got in, sir. I'm in Incheon Airport.
I'll see you in two hours.
Okay.
So you're saying that you basically
told them exactly who you are?
Not quite.
They would've made a move if they knew.
At this point, it's only a matter of time.
Hmm…
I'm sure you're right.
-[sighs]
-[Cha-young] So what?
You were aiming to scare them even more?
That's why you left the C?
If they find out about my past,
they'll know what the C really means.
-Why though? Why C?
-He's a C.
That C.
[clicks tongue]
I…
I, uh… I knew that. Yeah. Yeah, so…
Mr. Cassano, please, you have to stop
doing that. Even a Maf--
As I was saying, we don't know
when they'll try to kill us.
So you can't stay at Geumga Plaza.
Find somewhere else to hide.
What do you mean?
-We'll die as a team, okay?
-I don't think so.
[sighs]
[Vincenzo] Things could get dangerous.
What if they send killers here?
Stop it. I am staying. That's it.
[sighs]
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Watch out. I'll use this rock.
No, no, no, no. Put it down.
[man knocking on door]
Hello?
-[Cha-young gasps]
-Who's that?
-It's the prosecutor.
-What?
-Prosecutor Jung!
-[Mr. Jung] Excuse me.
[whispers]
Mr. Nam, you get the whiteboard.
[Vincenzo] Hide that.
JANG HAN-SEO'S ACQUAINTANCES
That son of a bitch calls himself a judge.
He'll give warrants out like candy
when he's playing politics,
but a time like this,
he won't give us one.
[sighs]
So Director Gil's death
was ruled a suicide.
It doesn't make sense.
Apparently, he killed two cops
and then stabbed himself?
That's ridiculous even for a movie.
We tend to agree with you, sir.
What can we do for you?
[Mr. Jung sighs]
I want the files
on the four victims' deaths.
They said they were suicides.
I'll tell you everything I know.
All I want is your cooperation.
We appreciate your offer,
but we're going to have to pass, Mr. Jung.
I promise you can trust me.
Not like those guys at the office.
-They're scumbags.
-[Cha-young] Oh, we know.
But we've got to do this one our own way.
Why don't you trust me? I can help you.
We know we can trust you, prosecutor.
It's your organization
we have problems with.
I completely understand.
You've made your point.
But there are many people that work there
including prosecutors like me.
Please don't lump us in
with the bad apples.
[exhales sharply]
[sighs]
We have an apple right here.
This side…
uh…
You can see it's rotten.
But if I turn it around,
this side… isn't.
It's half rotten, half edible.
So, then…
is it rotten or not?
What?
At the grocery store,
they don't sell half good apples.
There are good and bad.
I think that you're honest,
but even if there were a dozen like you,
your organization is a rotten apple.
That's quite the accusation.
[Cha-young] The Prosecutor's Office
is even worse than a rotten apple.
At least with an apple, you can cut out
the bits you don't wanna eat.
But it's a little bit harder in this case.
You're telling us that most
of your colleagues don't play politics,
that they're honest and hardworking.
I have no doubt, but…
rotten apples don't become fresh,
and defending them won't change that,
Mr. Jung.
It's actually worse
because the bad corrupts the good,
and everything starts to rot.
Reminds me of a quote. Les Misérables.
"The guilty one commits not the sin,
but causes the darkness."
[sighs]
[thrilling music]
You're saying he's one of the top
consiglieres working for the Mafia?
[investigator] Yes. He's known to all
the crime families in Italy.
He's respected, but he's also feared.
And you can prove he did this?
Everything in these photos?
That's just the tip of the iceberg.
He's not as brutal as you think.
He's much worse.
[gasps]
I knew there was something about him.
[laughs]
-Hey, look at this one.
-[groans]
Come on.
That's what he did to a rival family's
boss who was dealing in drugs.
The boss broke an agreement.
What did he do to this guy?
Take a look at the next photo.
[guffaws]
Hey, check this out.
-[Joon-woo laughs]
-[breathes heavily]
[Joon-woo] This could have been you.
Vincenzo let you off easy, bro.
-[Joon-woo laughs]
-Hold on a second.
What about the C? The C.
It's his initial.
It stands for "Cassano Family."
It's a warning before he kills.
[breathes heavily]
What are you saying? Does this mean
Mr. Han, Ms. Choi and I are all gonna--
[breathing heavily]
This all makes sense.
He was using Mafia tactics
this whole time.
Brokering deals, threats,
putting hits out.
I completely underestimated this guy.
Vincenzo wasn't just
some sparring partner.
Man is my Mayweather.
[laughs]
[Joon-woo] Holy shit.
[exclaims]
Are you going to keep sparring
with him forever?
[chuckles]
Are you crazy?
[Joon-woo scoffs]
I'll kill him…
before he kills us.
[tense music]
[stomps]
[grunts]
[Cha-young grunts]
So, may I ask why you decided
to wear shoes in my home?
It's just for now. I'm sorry.
[sighs]
Could you please go home?
How long has it been?
They hadn't fixed it yet.
Your window has been replaced.
The guy who worked on it already told me.
You forgot that I ordered it?
Oh, yeah.
-So why didn't you say anything?
-It's not like that.
Why do you keep coming here?
[sighs]
-I'm worried, okay?
-Why though?
Maybe because you said
you were going to kill somebody!
You said you were fine with it.
I did, but come on!
[phone buzzes]
-Hold that thought.
-I…
-Hey, Joon-woo.
-Just get your feet off the floor.
I'm at Vincenzo's.
What are you doing there?
Do you live together?
Come on. Why did you call me?
[Joon-woo] I'm at the cafe near the Plaza.
Come meet me.
Now?
I'm kind of busy.
It's about Wusang. I have information.
What do you mean?
Come, meet me first. Hurry.
Okay.
He wants to tell me something
about Wusang.
Oh?
You better go then.
I'll call if there's news.
-Will you be okay?
-Yeah.
-I'll be back soon.
-Okay.
Get moving. Run.
-Go, go, go!
-[door closes]
Mr. Nam, you keep an eye on him
until I get back.
Hold on a minute. It's cold out here.
May I go home, please?
Ah, look. You'll be fine, okay?
[grunting]
-Mr. Nam.
-[gasps]
Can we talk?
Oh, of course. Yes. Right away.
You know, it's really cold out.
How is the par terre defense
supposed to help us?
Seriously, you're embarrassing me.
Look, par terre defense
is efficient and effective.
First off, hold down your opponent,
get very close, and then use
your weight to flip him over.
[both grunting]
-No more!
-And once you've got him,
-you just keep flipping over and over.
-I surrender.
[Mr. Lee] Don't stop
until he's lost his mind.
If you run out of space, turn around.
What if I lose my mind?
[groaning]
I haven't lost my mind.
My tummy really hurts, though.
Wow, Mr. Tak. I really thought
you were in better shape.
[laughs]
He's so not a fighter. He's like a puppy.
Wait a second, when I was younger…
[screaming]
-[Mr. Lee] Keep it going.
-I don't wanna.
It looks painful for everyone.
[both screaming]
[groaning]
Why did I do this without a mat?
My tummy hurts.
Oh, it hurts so bad right now.
GEUMGA PLAZA
[tires screech]
[tense music]
JIPURAGI LAW FIRM
YEONGHO SNACK BAR
Excuse me. Hey!
Who are you people? What do you want, huh?
[groans]
Sir, are you okay?
-I'm bleeding!
-You'll pay for this!
[Mr. An groans]
[Mr. An] No, no!
[Toto] Don't!
-What's happening?
-[Toto] Stop!
Wait, Mom, is that Toto?
It most certainly is Toto.
But what… what's he doing?
-[both gasping]
-Stay here. Yeong-ho, wait!
[Mr. Nam] What you're seeing now
is the last known location
of the four innocent victims
before they were, we believe, kidnapped.
Our channel's top whistleblower, Inzaghi,
is headed to the underpass as we speak.
Inzaghi will be arriving shortly
and exposing the shocking truth
to you on this very channel, live.
We're counting on you, Inzaghi.
[clears throat]
[clicks]
[sighs]
That's good.
If I don't contact you within the hour,
call the police.
So you're really keeping this
from Ms. Hong?
Right. I'd rather she not know
where I'm going.
What if something happens out there?
Something bad.
Don't worry about me.
You should upload this right now.
-Please, hurry. Hurry up.
-Uh…
[tense music]
YANGDONG UNDERPASS
[tires screech]
-[tenant 1] You can't do this.
-[tenant 2] This isn't right.
-[tenant 3] What's going on here?
-[tenant 4] You can't do this!
WARNING FOR ALL TENANTS
-[Hui-su] Over here!
-[Yeon-jin] What's going on?
[Mr. Tak] Who do you think you are?
[Toto groaning]
[Hui-su] He's bleeding. You hurt him.
-[Toto] I'm bleeding. I think it's broken.
-[Yeon-jin] You're okay.
How dare you threaten us?
-Stay back.
-I'll kill you.
Honey! You promised me!
Oh, shit.
[glass shatters]
[all gasp]
[stammers]
What are you doing?
What do you want from us?
[quivering]
Guys, this is serious.
Something doesn't feel right here.
-These people look different.
-[Yeon-jin] Yeah.
Park Seok-do's gang
was nothing like these guys.
[Mr. Park] Hey!
-Who are these jerks?
-Help.
And what are they doing?
Ah!
You're the new guys
that took over our job?
Look at you.
You guys a boy band or what?
That's why you're wearing
matching clothes, huh?
Look pretty good, I'd say.
I used to be like you,
but I'm done with that.
I work here now, yeah. Go.
Get lost. Go on.
[grunts]
-[groaning]
-[all exclaim]
[screams, grunts]
Oh, no!
[whimpering]
-[indistinct muttering]
-[gasps]
-Su-nam.
-Yeah?
They're the Twin Swords Gang.
What? The… Twin Swords?
[tense music]
[whispers]
Run. They're the Twin Swords.
Get out of here.
-What?
-What's he talking about?
-He said the Twin Swords Gang.
-[all] Twin Swords?
But where?
Let's see here.
Run, run! Run away! Run!
-Run for your lives!
-[Su-nam whimpering]
I just knew they'd do that.
You have two days to get out.
And if you don't…
This guy's nuts!
You don't have the authority.
-[glass shatters]
-[tenants scream]
If you don't leave on your own,
we're gonna make you.
We'll use whatever means necessary.
We won't go easy on you.
Forget calling the police,
or you're dead.
-[all exclaim]
-Why can't we just get along?
-[grunting]
-[screaming]
-Wait!
-[thumping]
-[tenants screaming]
-[grunting]
-[Hui-su] Don't!
-[screams]
[Mr. Tak] Hey, asshole!
[tense music]
[suspenseful music]
[ominous music]
-Sorry, did I hurt you?
-[Toto gasps]
Oh, come on.
I barely scratched you.
I'll push harder next time.
Mr. Tak.
[grunting]
[scissors piercing flesh]
[grunts and groans]
-[scissors piercing flesh]
-[groans]
[goon] Shit! Come on!
[screams]
[screams, groans]
[grunts]
[groaning, panting]
The funny thing is…
I swore I'd only cut fabric with this.
[clinking]
Get out… before I cut you.
Oh, my.
You're my hero, Mr. Tak.
Let's go.
[groaning]
Mi-ri, are you all right?
[gasps, sighs]
Yeah.
[heroic music]
[heroic music crescendos]
[Mr. Nam in high-pitched voice]
Inzaghi will be arriving shortly
in exposing the shocking truth
to you on this very channel, live.
[foreboding music]
[sighs]
[keypad clacking]
[phone beeps]
[sighs]
Hey.
Plan's changed. Go to the underpass,
okay? Where you abducted them.
[phone clicks]
[sighs]
There goes my front-row seat
to the action.
[inhales sharply]
Cha-young, over here!
[panting]
What have you got?
Discussing work already. Take a breath.
Hurry up.
Let's have a bite to eat first,
and we'll talk later.
Wanna die? Tell me now.
-What is it?
-[sighs]
[clears throat]
Oh, it's nothing.
I haven't seen you in so long
that I lied, okay?
-Hey!
-Yikes!
-How could you do that?
-[phone buzzes]
-You can't make jokes at a time like this.
Mr. Nam?
Mr. Cassano left.
He was going to lure the killers out.
What?
So I'm leaving to go follow Mr. Cassano.
Why didn't he tell me
what he was planning?
Oh, wait, I forgot. I wasn't supposed
to tell you any of this.
You know, I'm good at keeping secrets,
but this one just slipped out.
It's fine. Meet you in front of the Plaza.
What's going on?
Mr. Cassano might be in danger,
and I have to go and get him.
I'll come with you.
-Hey, your bag.
-What?
-My keys.
-It's okay. I can drive you.
You can't drive like this.
Let's go.
[tires screech]
-Oh, Mr. Jang!
-Hey!
You're going to let him drive us?
It'll be much faster this way.
-Hop in.
-Yup, okay.
[Mr. Lee] Get in.
-Why did you bring Mr. Lee?
-[Mr. Nam panting]
Oh, he's a total badass
who can break the bad guys' necks.
-Your first love?
-An Seong-eun.
-Most prized possession?
-My bike, Cheetah.
[laughs]
I figured that might come in handy.
As soon as we get there, yeah,
I'll deal with the killers. Don't worry.
[laughs]
Sure.
-Joon-woo, let's go.
-All right, going.
[tense music]
[tires screeching]
[guns cocking]
[clinks]
[clicks loudly]
[clinking continues]
As I predicted,
more than two of you showed up.
I really appreciate that.
[cocks]
When bugs are together,
they're much easier to kill.
[rapid gunfire]
[clanking]
[tense music]
[clicking]
-[gun cocks]
-[gunshot]
[suspenseful music]
[both grunting]
[groaning]
[slams]
-[gunshot]
-[groans]
[shattering]
[suspenseful music fades out]
[somber music]
[automated response] The number
you have dialed is unavailable.
Please try your call again later.
[phone beeps]
[automated response] The number
you have dialed is unavailable.
Please try your call again later.
[phone beeps]
[automated response] The number
you have dialed is unavailable.
Please try your--
[phone beeps]
[automated response]
The number you have dialed is…
[groaning]
[moaning]
[somber music]
[killer breathing heavily]
CHAIRMAN
Who is Babel's chairman?
No idea.
[labored breathing]
[screaming, groaning]
I'm not going to ask you again.
[gasping]
-[groaning]
-[car approaching]
[tires screech]
[door opens]
[somber music]
[dramatic music]
[dramatic music rises]
I was terrified.
Why didn't you pick up?
What's the point of having a phone then?
I just wanted to keep you safe.
And if I don't wanna be safe?
Danger or no,
we'll face it as partners, won't we?
-You really piss me off!
-Ms. Hong.
Babel's real chairman…
I know who it is.
What?
[foreboding music]
[suspenseful music]
[suspenseful music rises]
[suspenseful music continues]